bitnami/dataplatform-bp1 addition of observability framework (#5602)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/dataplatform-bp1/README.md

3. Solr with 2 nodes using the zookeeper deployed above
4. Spark with 1 Master and 2 worker nodes

> One can optionally deploy the data platform with the wavefront observability framework in which case the wavefront collectors will be set up as a DaemonSet to collect the kubernetes cluster metrics to enable runtime feed into Tanzu Observability service. It will also be pre-configured to scrape the metrics from the prometheus endpoint that each application (Kafka/Spark/Solr) emits the metrics to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data platform can be optionally deployed with the wavefront observability framework. In that case, the wavefront collectors will be set up as a DaemonSet to collect the Kubernetes cluster metrics to enable runtime feed into the Tanzu Observability service. It will also be pre-configured to scrape the metrics from the Prometheus endpoint that each application (Kafka/Spark/Solr) emits the metrics to.
```

I would edit it a bit on this way

| `spark.worker.affinity`     | Spark worker affinity for pod assignment         | Spark worker pods Affinity rules set for best possible resiliency (evaluated as a template) |
| `spark.worker.resources`    | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits for worker   | Spark worker pods resource requests set for optimal resource usage                          |
| `spark.metrics.enabled`     | Start a side-car prometheus exporter                                                                                           | `false`       |
| `spark.metrics.masterAnnotations`       | Annotations for enabling prometheus to access the metrics endpoint of the master nodes  | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/path: "/metrics/", prometheus.io/port: "8080"}` |
| `spark.metrics.workerAnnotations`       | Annotations for enabling prometheus to access the metrics endpoint of the worker nodes   | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/path: "/metrics/", prometheus.io/port: "8081"}` |
| `spark.metrics.resources.requests` | The requested resources for the metrics exporter container  | Spark exporter container resource requests for optimal resource usage size|

> 

Reviewer 2: The wavefront subcharts parameters should be added to this table

Author: done
